edit styling to enable localization (#1276)
langchain-ai/docs: README.md

* `docs dev` - Start development mode with file watching and hot reload
* `docs build` - Build documentation

See [Available commands](#available-commands) for more details.

### Workflow

> [!IMPORTANT]
> * **Only edit files in `src/`** - The `build/` directory is automatically generated
> * **Use Mintlify syntax** - See [Mintlify documentation](https://mintlify.com/docs) for formatting guidelines

> 1. Ensure your dev environment is set up as described above and that you have followed the steps in [IDE_SETUP.md](./IDE_SETUP.md) to configure your IDE/editor to automatically apply the correct settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure your [dev environment is set up](#set-up-local-dev-environment) and that you have followed the steps in [IDE_SETUP.md](./IDE_SETUP.md) to configure your IDE/editor to automatically apply the correct settings.
```
